the Future Global Strike Airmen who
arrive at Vandenberg for technical
school training will attend one of three
courses missile maintenance facilities
maintenance or electronics maintenance
and while they don't all end up with the
same jobs they do have one thing in
common we instill in them that they are
nuclear professionals that's a very
important concept for our students and
something that is absolutely critical
that we impart to them prior to
graduation we want to make sure that
they have a strict adherence to
technical data that standards are always
exceeded in every mission set so by the
time that they leave here that when they
hit the ground running an Air Force
Global Strike Command they're adding to
the mission before these Airmen leave
Vandenberg for their first assignment
the weeks of training changed them
beyond simply giving them the knowledge
to do their jobs Airmen show up from
Lackland after being in the Air Force
for an incredibly brief eight weeks a
lot of them fresh out of high school
their eyes wide open they don't know
what they're getting into this is a
completely new world to them and then we
put them through a maintenance course
and you see them strapped in a cage
climbing around a missile taking apart a
reentry system of a nuclear warhead
working as a team depending on each
other for everything that they do it's
phenomenal to see them grow into that
the coursework the airmen go through is
extensive and highly technical but the
instructors at Vandenberg work hard to
make sure these future maintenance
technicians have the skills needed to be
successful it can be challenging but
it's the nice thing about Airmen is
they're they absorb and you start giving
them numbers and start showing them
videos and they just you know it's like
the light just comes along it's easy
it's a challenge but it's easy even
though these Airmen are only just
beginning their careers in Global Strike
they understand the trust being placed
in them I feel honoured because I'm only
19 years old was right away a year ago
and I'm already being placed with
possibility of a
a highly highly powerful weapon so I
just feel honored and pretty much
blessed is actually the opportunity to
work on stuff like this the students
here are dedicated to serving as future
missile maintenance technicians and it's
thanks to their instructors that they
have the tools to understand the
importance of the nuclear deterrence and
assurance missions Air Force sergeant
David Clark Vandenberg Air Force Base
California